Update AWS Guide to point to diagnostic endpoint (#4302)
gravitational/teleport: docs/4.3/admin-guide.md

    balancer you'll need to run Teleport with `--insecure-no-tls`

If your load balancer supports HTTP health checks, configure it to hit the

> `/readyz` [diagnostics endpoint](metrics_logs_reference.md) on the proxy. This endpoint

Reviewer: Technically you can use this endpoint for healthchecks of any Teleport service (auth, proxy or node) so maybe we change the language a bit for that?

> `/readyz` [diagnostics endpoint](metrics_logs_reference.md) on the proxy. This endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/readyz` [diagnostics endpoint](metrics_logs_reference.md) on machines running Teleport. This endpoint
```

must be enabled by using the `--diag-addr` flag to teleport start: `teleport start --diag-addr=127.0.0.1:3000`

> The http://127.0.0.1:3000/readyz endpoint will reply `{"status":"ok"}` if the proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The http://127.0.0.1:3000/readyz endpoint will reply `{"status":"ok"}` if the Teleport service
```

    balancer you'll need to run Teleport with `--insecure-no-tls`

If your load balancer supports HTTP health checks, configure it to hit the

> `/readyz` [diagnostics endpoint](metrics_logs_reference.md) on the proxy. This endpoint will reply `{"status":"ok"}` if the proxy is running without problems.

Reviewer: This doesn't work unless you run with `--diag-addr=0.0.0.0:3000` or something...

```
vagrant@teleport:~$ curl -ik https://localhost:3080/readyz
HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
Date: Wed, 09 Sep 2020 21:34:41 GMT
Content-Length: 19

404 page not found
```
